Added example and made content consistent in View Model page (#6227)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/view-models.md

## How to write view models

> View models can be used by passing the view model class as an argument to the desired template's block in the XML layout page configuration file. In the following example snippet, `MyNewViewModel` is the view model class of OrangeCompany_Catalog module passed as an argument to a block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View models can be used by passing the view model class as an argument to the a template's block in the page layout configuration file. In the following example, `MyNewViewModel` is the view model class of the OrangeCompany_Catalog module passed as an argument to a block. 
```

```xml
<block name="orangeco.new.viewmodel" template="OrangeCompany_Catalog::example.phtml">
    <arguments>
        <argument name="view_model" xsi:type="object">OrangeCompany\Catalog\ViewModel\MyNewViewModel</argument>
    </arguments>
</block>
```

> In the following example, the same view model is used with an existing block from Magento present in `Magento/Checkout/view/frontend/layout/checkout_cart_item_renderers.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the same view model is used with an existing block in `Magento/Checkout/view/frontend/layout/checkout_cart_item_renderers.xml`.
```

> In the following example, the same view model is used with an existing block from Magento present in `Magento/Checkout/view/frontend/layout/checkout_cart_item_renderers.xml`. This can be used in the block's template: `cart/item/default.phtml`.

Author: Hi @rogyar, thank you! I've fixed this.

```xml
<referenceBlock name="checkout.cart.item.renderers.default">
    <arguments>
        <argument name="view_model" xsi:type="object">OrangeCompany\Catalog\ViewModel\MyNewViewModel</argument>
    </arguments>
</referenceBlock>
```

The view model class must always implement the interface `\Magento\Framework\View\Element\Block\ArgumentInterface`. For example:

```php
namespace OrangeCompany\Catalog\ViewModel;

class MyNewViewModel implements \Magento\Framework\View\Element\Block\ArgumentInterface
{
    public function getTitle()
    {
      return 'Hello World';
    }
}
```

> Finally, in the template, the public methods of the view model class can be accessed in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the public methods fo the view model class in the template:
```
